Pear release 1.11.1 docs (#169)
holepunchto/pear-docs: reference/pear/api.md

Desktop Applications only.

### `Pear.tray(options <Object>, listener <Async Function|Function>) => Promise<untray()>`

> Configure a tray icon for the application. This method will return a promise which resolves as a `untray()` method for removing the tray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a tray icon for the application. This method will return a promise which resolves to an `untray()` function for removing the tray.
```
